You look tired, I guess you need a beer!
Do you know where I can find the next tavern? I'm so dirsty
C'ant talk, *burbs, I drunk to mutch!
Uh! you scared me to death!
Behold the mighty traveler is coming!
Should I know you?
Have I see you before?
One Ring! I heard there might be a quest about the one ring!
Greatings Stranger.
How dare you looking at me!
I don't know you... Do I want to know you? I Don't!
A wise man told me once, always to check under my bed before I go to sleep... you never know!
Fool...!
Seeking for trouble?
A kingdom for a Horse, why arn't there any horses in this world?
More Cheese means mor cheese.
I dreamt I were a mighty warrior...
A sharp sword between the rips, that solves most problems, mind my words!
Dragons? There didn't live any dragons in these Land since 1000 years.
My husband died last winter in a cold river... May his heart go one.
*doesn't look you in the eyes* Voices, voices in my head!
What does it want from us preasures?
Ahh!!!
I'm so tired... 
Smile, you will make this world a better place.
I tried, I tried so hard.
A day without a smile is a wasted day.
Spring is comming!
May I advice you not to hug any wolfes? It would kill you...
Do you have seen any Orcs around here?
He cuty wanna dance?
A Kingdom for a bed!
Can't talk, i'm a machine grinding for levels!
Zzzzzzz Zzzzzzzz Huh?
Bzkrftsbreklshasdsdjk, sry there was a bug on my keyboard.
Let me tell you, strange things are happening here.
There are rumors about a man, guided trough magic from another world!
Bread or Sword it doesn't matter.
Pink fluffy unichorns dancing on rainbows, pink fluffy unicorns...
I know you where trouble when you walked in.
Oh so glad you came to me, no body listens to me, I need someone to talk, so there was that stone yesterday, I [...] and then [...] but [...], hey are you still listening?
Rude so rude!
May the light shine on the path before your feets.
A Bird was sitting in a tree, then he fell.
Never dig streight down, there might be lava!
Hey how long are you already gaming? Get of the PC and enjoy your life a little.
I knew a man once, Alexander they called him, he was great!
I will make this region great again, so great and I will build a wall arround it, its gonna be huuuuuge. 
I heard from a man who wants to build a wall, not sure if he builds it to protect his region or the other regions from him.
To drink, or not to drink, thats the question! *burp
A beer game they said, it would be fun they said... *bourp
I... I smeel human flesh... shush! They mustn't here us!
Have you heard of wandalf the pink?
Beards and Beer, thats all dwarfs care about!
Once I was an adventurer like you but then I got married.
Ahhh!!!! Oh sry I tought you were a rabbit.
Where we are you ask? I'm not sure about me, but you are sitting in front of a computer.
Brother, brother why can't yu see the truth.
Oh no don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more!
I love walking alone in the moonshine.
Do you wanna play a game with me? Oh sorry you already are!
Can you here the wind in the tree...? 
The leaves are falling, hard times are comming!
Even a small man can change the history of the world around him.
Oh I'm so glad you interrupted what ever I was doing, my whole life I was waiting for this one moment - not!


<specials: 1>
<s0>Have you heard that <param0> died latly, he died trough <param1>, how mysterious.
